work is fast result
River
in a few seconds the number of the car chassis that was stopped at the door
everything is alright
anyone who can be understood he really deserves registration
usually those that are affected in the event of an accident and therefore the
searched
if you traceability with those parts
and you can identify what the victory has finally been able to return to
ldu
the original owner of ricardo gomes theft
today the vision
will impress
for the analyst of electronic work systems
technology went much further than we imagined
the novelty here disaster
Apparently
did not happen much
more if we look closely we will see that they were in the car's bodywork
the dots
who has children
cat's leap
is the following actually
are not sheiks dots assumed as nameplates
with the help of this special fight 'keita agent can see
It's amazing that you understand.
each dot 10 has an alphanumeric code that you can
perfectly
It's my commitment to the same information on the spot.
the other thief is not possible
to statistics that show if we have 60%
a year in the theft and theft of that car
so this is very important because I only give one of the thieves worked out
he already knows that she has the recording was no longer the case
the identification service had already offered by the specialized power
by auto insurers present in the attack and offers a discount on
policy renewal
union is part of the family also best fascinated
the river